LIBRARY AND INFORMATION CENTRE
The library is a resource centre for both teaching and learning. It is housed nearly 13,500 volumes Covering all streams of Science and Engineering, and allied subjects. It has updated collection to the information need of the user community from time to time.
The library and reference section consist of textbooks, reference books, Dictionaries, Projects report, Previous Question papers, Newspapers, Journals, Magazines and CD/DVDs related to curriculum also provides internet facility. JSSP Library is a member of The National Digital Library of India (NDLI).Staff/Students can obtain the Institute Library membership.
 





Library Details:
SI
NO	Category	Details
1.	Carpet Area of Library (in SQMTS)	44 SQMTS
2.	Reading Space (in SQMTS)	144/108.36/51.64 SQMTS
3.	Number of seats in Reading Space	20
4.	Number of users (Issued book) per month	100-120
5.	Number of users (Reading space) per month	600
6.	Timings: During Working Day and Weekend	Monday – Friday 10AM5.30PM
Saturday 10AM – 2PM
7.	Number of Library staff	2
8.	Number of Library staff with a degree in library	1
9.	Library Management	Gurukula
10.	Computerization for Search	Yes

Library Sections:
The library consists of the following sections:
1.	Circulation Section
2.	Stock Area Section
3.	Periodical and Newspaper section
4.	Reference Section
5.	Digital Resource Center
Library Resource Collections
Number of Volumes including e-books	Quantity
e-books	11,600
CDs	50
Technical Magazines	05
General Magazines	03
Newspapers	02


Human Resources for Library
SI
No	Name	Designation	Qualification
1.	Yogeesha K S	Library
assistant	MLib Sc
2.	Ramesh M	Attender	SSLC

Library expenditure on Books, Magazines/Journals, and Newspaper
YEAR	Expenditure in Rs
	Books	Magazines/Journals/ News Paper
2022-23 (CFY)	8737	2880
2021-22 (CFYm1)	19560	3000
2020-21 (CFYm2)	83737	2880

Digital Resource Center:
Library’s Digital center is having a good collection of e-books.
Current Awareness Service(CAS):
This service provides the latest information to users in the area of Science and Technology and Engineering.
Internet Facility:
10 PCs are available for the users to browse the internet.
New Arrival Display:
In the New Arrival section, one copy of the new title or new edition is displayed for one Month for attracting the students and staff members for using the library effectively and at The same time upda
their knowledge.
Rules and Regulations of the Library:
•	Students should register their name in the Login Register.
•	The personal belongings should be kept in track while entering the library.
•	Only blank sheets of paper are allowed inside the library for taking notes.
•	Students asked to maintain silence and discipline in and around the library.
•	Students are asked to switch off their mobile or keep it in silent mode.
•	All the students are eligible to borrow books.
•	Borrowed books should be returned before the due date.
•	Before leaving library with borrowed books, the student is asked to check the condition of the books.
•	If any pages are found missing or torn or any other damage found by student at the time of issue, it should be reported to the librarian.
•	If the borrowed book is lost, the concerned student should Report about the book to the librarian. He/she should replace the same title, author edition and publication with fine. Otherwise, The concerned student should pay two times cost of the book.
•	If any student is found to be involved in stealing or destroying/damaging any type of reading Materials, he/she is penalized.
•	No library item shall be taken out of the library without due procedure.
