  NCC
The Aims of the NCC laid out in 1988 have stood the test of time and continue to meet the requirements expected of it in the current socio–economic scenario of the country. The NCC aims at developing character, comradeship, discipline, a secular outlook, the spirit of adventure and ideals of selfless service amongst young citizens. Further, it aims at creating a pool of organized, trained and motivated youth with leadership qualities in all walks of life, who will serve the Nation regardless of which career they choose. Needless to say, the NCC also provides an environment conducive to motivating young Indians to join the armed forces.
Motto of NCC
1.	Obey with the smile
2.	Be punctual.
3.	Work hard without refuse.
4.	Make no excuse and don’t tell lies.
Our Vision
NCC nurtures responsible, resilient and resourceful cadets to become successful citizens.
To inspire the cadets learn and grow with the core Values
Our Mission
1.	To Develop Character, Comradeship, Discipline, Leadership, Secular Outlook, Spirit of Adventure, and Ideals of Selfless Service amongst the Youth of the Country.
2.	To Create a Human Resource of Organized, Trained and Motivated Youth, To Provide Leadership in all Walks of life and be Always Available for the Service of the Nation.
3.	To Provide a Suitable Environment to Motivate the Youth to Take Up a Career in the Armed Forces.
BENEFITS OF NCC
1.	For ORs, Sailors, Airmen: 5 to 10 percent bonus marks awarded for recruitment.
2.	Para Military Forces: 2 to 10 bonus marks awarded for recruitment.
3.	Department of telecommunication: Bonus marks awarded for recruitment.
4.	CRPF: NCC cadets holding 3rd division degree eligible for recruitment to gazette posts.
5.	NCC: Civilian Gliding instructors/Girl Cadet Instructors/ Whole Time Lady Officers.
6.	State Govts: Preference for State Services in certain States.
7.	Industry: Some industries give preference to NCC C certificate holders for various jobs related with the field of security.
8.	NCC Games: Cash awards to teams and individuals for excellence.
9.	No UPSC Exams for Ncc C certificate holders, only SSB.
FROM ANO DESK
We Aim to inculcate the discipline and the mindset to serve the nation in the youths brain. As youth is the power of the nation we need them to volunteer themselves. We help them get the knowledge about army life.
Lieut. HARSHA KUMAR
 Associate NCC Officer
 1 Kar Engr Coy 
 Mysuru.
 
 

 
